BZ#2018057: Clarify example opm command for updating SQLite-based images (#39644)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olm-updating-index-image.adoc

[source,terminal]
----
$ opm index add \
    --bundles <registry>/<namespace>/<new_bundle_image>@sha256:<digest> \
    --from-index <registry>/<namespace>/<existing_index_image>:<existing_tag> \
    --tag <registry>/<namespace>/<existing_index_image>:<updated_tag> \
    --pull-tool podman
----
+
where:
+
[small]
--
<registry>:: Specifies the hostname of the registry, such as `quay.io` or `mirror.example.com`.
<namespace>:: Specifies the namespace of the registry, such as `ocs-dev` or `abc`.
<new_bundle_image>:: Specifies the new bundle image you want to add to the registry, such as `ocs-operator`.

> <digest>:: Specifies a comma-separated list of additional bundle images to add to the index, such as `c7f11097a628f092d8bad148406aa0e0951094a03445fd4bc0775431ef683a41`.

Reviewer: It's confusing here. The `digest` belongs to the image, it cannot be `comma-separated`. The `--bundles` specifies a comma-separated list of additional bundle images to add to the index, not the `digest`.

Author: Thank you for the feedback, @jianzhangbjz.

Would you PTAL at the changes and let me know what you think?

Reviewer: Looks good to me, thanks!

[source,terminal]
----
$ opm index add \
    --bundles <bundle_registry>/<bundle_namespace>/<new_bundle_image>@sha256:<digest> \

>     --from-index <mirror_registry>/<mirror_namespace>/<existing_index_image>:<existing_tag> \

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if `bundle_registry` and `mirror_registry` is necessary. One could argue that this template is confusing to those who are not on a disconnected env. I think just `registry` sufficiently communicates that if you are on a disconnected env, you should use your "mirror_registry". Same comment for the namespaces template.

Author: Heard. I made the changes and adjusted the description below.

    --tag <mirror_registry>/<mirror_namespace>/<existing_index_image>:<updated_tag> \
    --pull-tool podman
----
+
where:
+
[small]
--
<bundle_registry>:: Specifies the hostname of the registry where the bundle is stored, such as `quay.io`.
<bundle_namespace>:: Specifies the namespace of the bundle registry, such as `ocs-dev`.
<new_bundle_image>:: Specifies the new bundle image you want to add to the mirror registry, such as `ocs-operator`.
<digest>:: Specifies a comma-separated list of additional bundle images to add to the index.
<mirror_registry>:: Specifies the hostname of your mirror registry, such as `quay.io` or `mirror.example.com`.
<mirror_namespace>:: Specifies the namespace of your mirror registry, such as `abc`.
<existing_index_image>:: Specifies the existing index that was previously pushed, such as `abc-redhat-operator-index`.
<existing_tag>:: Specifies an existing image tag that was previously pushed, such as `pass:a[{product-version}]`.
<updated_tag>:: Specifies the image tag that you want the updated index image to have, such as `pass:a[{product-version}].1`.
--
+
.Example command
[source,terminal,subs="attributes+"]
----
$ opm index add \

>     --bundles quay.io/ocs-dev/ocs-operator@sha256:<digest> \

Reviewer 2: Might as well use a random digest here, since it's an example anyway (even if we use an existing real digest, the image's existence doesn't have to be a prereq for this doc to be valid)

>     --from-index mirror.example.com/abc/abc-redhat-operator-index:{product-version} \

Reviewer 2: Same comment about the tag {product-version} here. Since this is 4.6 docs, might as well use v4.6 here. The templates already exists above.

Author: This is actually a variable in the AsciiDoctor markup. So, it will fill in with 4.6 to 4.10 depending on the version of the docs the customer is viewing. It just doesn't work right until it is merged.

Reviewer 2: Ah gotcha 👍🏽

----
$ opm index add \
    --bundles <registry>/<namespace>/<new_bundle_image>@sha256:<digest> \//<1>
    --from-index <registry>/<namespace>/<existing_index_image>:<existing_tag> \//<2>
    --tag <registry>/<namespace>/<existing_index_image>:<updated_tag> \//<3>
    --pull-tool podman //<4>
----
<1> The `--bundles` flag specifies a comma-separated list of additional bundle images to add to the index.

> <2> The `--from-index` flag specifies the existing index that was previously pushed.

Reviewer 3: This is fine, but if you want to avoid passive, could say:
```suggestion
<2> The `--from-index` flag specifies the existing, previously pushed index.
```

> <3> The `--tag` flag specifies the image tag that you want the updated index image to have.

Reviewer 3: I don't know if "apply" is the right way to put this, but it seems it's less about wanting a tag and more about the tag you want being implemented?
```suggestion
<3> The `--tag` flag specifies the image tag to apply to the updated index image.
```

<4> The `--pull-tool` flag specifies the tool used to pull container images.
+
where:
+
[small]
--
`<registry>`:: Specifies the hostname of the registry, such as `quay.io` or `mirror.example.com`.
`<namespace>`:: Specifies the namespace of the registry, such as `ocs-dev` or `abc`.

> `<new_bundle_image>`:: Specifies the new bundle image you want to add to the registry, such as `ocs-operator`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`<new_bundle_image>`:: Specifies the new bundle image to add to the registry, such as `ocs-operator`.
```

`<digest>`:: Specifies the SHA image ID, or digest, of the bundle image, such as `c7f11097a628f092d8bad148406aa0e0951094a03445fd4bc0775431ef683a41`.

> `<existing_index_image>`:: Specifies the existing index that was previously pushed, such as `abc-redhat-operator-index`.

Reviewer 3: Same note as above:
```suggestion
`<existing_index_image>`:: Specifies the existing, previously pushed index, such as `abc-redhat-operator-index`.
```

> `<existing_tag>`:: Specifies an existing image tag that was previously pushed, such as `pass:a[{product-version}]`.

Reviewer 3: Could also do that for this one:
```suggestion
`<existing_tag>`:: Specifies an existing, previously pushed image tag, such as `pass:a[{product-version}]`.
```

> `<updated_tag>`:: Specifies the image tag that you want the updated index image to have, such as `pass:a[{product-version}].1`.

Reviewer 3: Same comment as for `--tag`:
```suggestion
`<updated_tag>`:: Specifies the image tag to apply to the updated index image, such as `pass:a[{product-version}].1`.
```
